Secretary Li Yan
I'm really sorry.
I have nothing to do with the white clothes, so you and you were chatting before.
I'm going to take care of something
Haha aunt
My living expenses
How dare you withdraw money?
Aren't you very good in the afternoon with these stinky water next to you?
When do I hold you here?
The landlord's temper
It turned out that Tang Zhenzhen came to complain.
Are you my aunt or someone else's aunt?
Can't you ask the cause and effect before you do it?
How dare you talk back
If you don't pay
How could the jade smoke be in your hands?
That's our family treasure
It was given to me by my grandmother when she was 3 years old
You are talking nonsense.
Grandma gave it to you, neither my mother nor I know
And you lied?
Your life is given by us
You hurry up and bring me the idea
My grandmother is just afraid that you will ask me for it.
Won't let me tell you
aunt
If you have any other requirements, please tell me.